hey whats up guys alert here with a new
video and today we do a review on the in
case book jacket for the ipad 2 this
retails for 39 99 and I was able to pick
it up at best buy looking at the box you
can see this is for the ipad 2 and in
the back shows you the three different
angles one for reviewing one semi for
typing and how it looks when it's closed
off with the camera cut out in the back
installation is fairly easy the iPad
slice and with ease and all you have to
do is tuck in the velcro strap to seal
in the ipad 2 looking at the back of the
case you can see the camera cutouts
fairly large it definitely accommodates
a small camera and you have this velcro
strap it's a very nice added feature to
seal off the ipad from the case it gives
it a more secure feeling looking up the
bottom you can see it cut out for the
dock connector but not one for the
speaker due to its position at the top
will have a cutout for the headphone
jack a small cut out for the microphone
and an awkward cut out for the
sleep/wake button on the right hand side
have a large cutout for the volume
rocker and the mute switch looking at
the front of the case you can see a
large cutout for the front facing camera
and a cutout for the home button the
highlight of this case comes with us
three grooves which you're able to
position the ipad in this gives you
three different viewing angles to reduce
glare or accommodate your position
looking at this side of you you can see
that the weight of the ipad actually
holds in the ipad in its groove to
sustain the viewing angle for the final
viewing angle you can flip the front
cover back to give the ipad a little bit
of elevation so you can type on it it
relieves stress on the wrist i really
enjoyed the original case for the first
ipad but unfortunately the ipad tues
design does not really accommodate to
this type of case let me show you great
example is a sleep wake button it's
positioned it towards the back of the
ipad as you can see it's very hard at
press and the case is already ripping in
this area with one day of use another
examples going to be the volume rocker
it has the exact same issue as a sleep
wake button another issue this case it's
adds a ton of bulk here it is next to
apples
cover and you can see how much thickness
is going to add the problem is once you
get used to the thinness of the iPad 2
is kind of hard to add so much bulk and
weight to it and really enjoy the
experience due to these three reasons
it's hard for me to recommend this case
it almost feels a little bit rushed i
would say hold off and wait for better
cases to come out as time goes by as
always guys i hope you enjoyed this
review remember you can now follow me on
twitter it's going to be alario 25 as
always please like this video and
subscribe and i will see you next time